:notebook: These are my notes for the Carbon Industry Analysis.

### 📝 Carbon Offset
Carbon Offset is the activity where companies pay for carbon credits to offset their CO2 emissions. These credits are generated by activities that lower the carbon content in the atmosphere. Activities could be reforestation, reducing deforestation, controlling indutrial emissions by enabling sustainable activities. Essentially, any way to reduce carbon significantly could be a good propect of a carbon offset project.

### 📑 Carbon Offset Projects [*](https://content.ces.ncsu.edu/an-introduction-to-forest-carbon-offset-markets)
Carbon Offset projects are the ones that perform activities that reduce the carbon content in the atmosphere.
The most popular being working on Forest Carbon:
 - Afforestation
 - Avoided Conversion
 - Improved Forest Management

The 'Quality' of the Carbon credit for the project can be determined by the impact that project has in reducing the carbon emmission or mitigating the effect of already released carbon.

### 📈 Carbon Markets
Carbon markets are set up in the following places: Shanghai, California, Europe.
Largest Market - China ETS (Emmissions Trading System)
Overall - More than 20 markets globally.

### 💳 Carbon Credits
Carbon credits are issued to all companies, essentially giving them a limit on the amount of carbon they can emit. These credits if unused by those companies can be sold to someone who is exceeding their emmissions limit.
This boils down to the Supply vs Demand problem which in turn facilitates trading of an entity, in our case, the carbon credit.

### Carbon credits price change


### 💵 Investing in Carbon (ETFs)
|ETF Ticker|Underlying Investments|Other Facts|
|---|---|---|
|KRBN ✅|Invested in Carbon Futures (CCA, EUA, RGGI)|Liquid ETF, High Volume|
|LCTU|Tech Companies - More like a Tech ETF|Highest Volume|
|CRBN|Tech Companies - More like a Tech ETF|Volume Not very high|
|SMOG|Invested in all Energy Firms - More like a Green ETF|Volume not high, small dividend|
|LOWC|Tech Companies - More like a Tech ETF|Very low Volume, Pays dividend|
|KCCA|Mainly Sitting in Cash|-|
|KEUA|Sitting in Cash and Currency|-|

### 🏭 California's Cap and Trade Program
[Informative Video about Cap and Trade: Methodology, implementation, advantages and Disadvantages.](https://youtu.be/bxs6ZrxLvHg)

#### Why California?
 - Large Area
 - Prospects for starting activities while aligning with protocols
 - Supportive Economy



### Blue Carbon
### Calculation of Carbon Credits

### References
 - [Dr. Tatiana Height](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tatiana-height-cnp-leader)
 - [Carbon Pricing: How does Cap and Trade system work](https://youtube.com/watch?v=bxs6ZrxLvHg&feature=share)
 - [Investing in Carbon](https://youtu.be/nIvUGz4uSzU)
